# SBOM study group on July 30th

## Meeting Note  

### Overall Summary:
The kickoff meeting for the study group on the use of SBOM (Software Bill of Materials) was held. The meeting included a case study on SPDX Lite, discussions on the quality and management of SBOMs, and the scheduling of future meetings. Key decisions were made regarding the frequency and format of future meetings, and several action items were identified.

### Discussion Points:

#### Discussion Point 1: Introduction and Agenda
- **Opinion by Shane Coughlan (The Linux Foundation)**:
  - Introduced the meeting and agenda.
  - Explained the antitrust policy of the OpenChain project.
  - Provided an overview of the OpenChain project and the purpose of the SBOM study group.
- **Reactions**: None.
- **Conclusion**: The meeting's structure and agenda were confirmed.

#### Discussion Point 2: Practical Considerations for SBOMs
- **Opinion by Shane Coughlan (The Linux Foundation)**:
  - Discussed the practical considerations of using SBOMs in supply chains.
  - Mentioned compliance, regulatory requirements, and efficiency.
  - Highlighted specific regulations such as the US Executive Order, NIST minimum requirements, and the EU Cyber Resilience Act.
- **Reactions**: None.
- **Conclusion**: The importance and scope of SBOMs were confirmed.

#### Discussion Point 3: Case Study on SPDX Lite
- **Opinion by Norio Kobota (Sony Group Corporation)**:
  - Provided an overview of SPDX Lite and its design principles.
  - Discussed real-world usage examples and samples.
  - Emphasized the importance of providing minimal information for license compliance.
  - Created samples and sought feedback from the SPDX community.
- **Reactions**:
  - **Shane Coughlan**: Asked about the time taken to develop SPDX Lite.
    - **Norio Kobota**: Responded that discussions started in 2018 and the specification was finalized in about a year.
  - **Arun Azhakesan**: Asked about the experience with Cyclone DX.
    - **Norio Kobota**: Responded that some members have knowledge but no discussions have been held.
  - **Anthony Harrison**: Suggested focusing on the content and use cases of SBOMs.
  - **Alexios Zavras**: Suggested focusing on processes rather than formats.
- **Conclusion**: The design principles and practicality of SPDX Lite were confirmed. The focus should be on content and processes rather than formats.

#### Discussion Point 4: Quality and Management of SBOMs
- **Opinion by David Leichner**:
  - Discussed the quality and interoperability of SBOMs.
  - Highlighted the automotive industry's case where each software update requires a new SBOM.
  - Mentioned the inconsistency in quality when using multiple scanning tools.
- **Reactions**:
  - **Shane Coughlan**: Emphasized the importance of obtaining accurate SBOMs across the supply chain.
  - **Jan**: Suggested focusing on interoperability to address quality issues.
  - **Anthony Harrison**: Highlighted the importance of accurate metadata for OSS components to improve SBOM quality.
- **Conclusion**: The importance of SBOM quality and interoperability was emphasized, and specific methods to improve these aspects were discussed.

#### Discussion Point 5: Scheduling Future Meetings
- **Opinion by Shane Coughlan (The Linux Foundation)**:
  - Proposed the frequency, topics, and timing of future meetings.
  - Suggested monthly meetings of about one hour.
  - Proposed using Slack and a mailing list for information sharing between meetings.
- **Reactions**:
  - **David Leichner**: Agreed that monthly meetings are good.
  - **Alexios Zavras**: Preferred days other than Tuesday.
  - **Mary Wang**: Preferred the current meeting time.
  - **Marcel Kurzmann**: Mentioned that the tooling group meets on Wednesdays.
- **Conclusion**: Monthly meetings of about one hour were agreed upon. The specific date will be adjusted via the mailing list.

### TODOs:
1. **Adjust the date for the next meeting via the mailing list** (Shane Coughlan, by the next meeting).
2. **Provide feedback on SPDX Lite samples to the SPDX community** (Norio Kobota, by the next meeting).

### Participant Opinions and Reactions:

#### Shane Coughlan (The Linux Foundation)
- **Opinion**: Introduced the meeting, agenda, and antitrust policy. Discussed practical considerations for SBOMs.
- **Reactions**: None.
- **Conclusion**: Meeting structure and agenda confirmed.

#### Norio Kobota (Sony Group Corporation)
- **Opinion**: Provided an overview of SPDX Lite, its design principles, and real-world usage examples.
- **Reactions**:
  - Shane Coughlan: Asked about the development time of SPDX Lite.
  - Arun Azhakesan: Asked about experience with Cyclone DX.
  - Anthony Harrison: Suggested focusing on SBOM content and use cases.
  - Alexios Zavras: Suggested focusing on processes rather than formats.
- **Conclusion**: SPDX Lite's design principles and practicality confirmed. Focus on content and processes.

#### David Leichner
- **Opinion**: Discussed the quality and interoperability of SBOMs, highlighting the automotive industry's case.
- **Reactions**:
  - Shane Coughlan: Emphasized the importance of accurate SBOMs.
  - Jan: Suggested focusing on interoperability.
  - Anthony Harrison: Highlighted the importance of accurate metadata.
- **Conclusion**: Importance of SBOM quality and interoperability emphasized.

#### Arun Azhakesan
- **Opinion**: Asked about experience with Cyclone DX.
- **Reactions**: Norio Kobota responded.
- **Conclusion**: Some members have knowledge of Cyclone DX, but no discussions have been held.

#### Anthony Harrison
- **Opinion**: Suggested focusing on SBOM content and use cases.
- **Reactions**: Norio Kobota and Alexios Zavras agreed.
- **Conclusion**: Focus on content and processes rather than formats.

#### Alexios Zavras
- **Opinion**: Suggested focusing on processes rather than formats.
- **Reactions**: Norio Kobota and Anthony Harrison agreed.
- **Conclusion**: Focus on processes rather than formats.

#### Jan
- **Opinion**: Suggested focusing on interoperability to address quality issues.
- **Reactions**: Shane Coughlan and David Leichner agreed.
- **Conclusion**: Focus on interoperability to improve quality.

#### Mary Wang
- **Opinion**: Preferred the current meeting time.
- **Reactions**: None.
- **Conclusion**: Current meeting time is suitable for many participants.

#### Marcel Kurzmann
- **Opinion**: Mentioned that the tooling group meets on Wednesdays.
- **Reactions**: None.
- **Conclusion**: Consideration of other days for meetings.

This detailed summary captures the key points, opinions, reactions, and conclusions from the meeting, providing a comprehensive record for future reference.