# SBOM study group on January 22  

## Meeting Note

### Blog post:  
https://openchainproject.org/news/2025/01/25/recording-sbom-sg-2025-01-22  

### Recordings:  
https://youtu.be/S8vg5lMQHJk  

### Overall Summary  
The meeting, led by Norio Kobota (Sony Group Corporation), focused on improving the quality of SBOM (Software Bill of Materials) documents. The presentation highlighted the importance of SBOMs in managing software assets, licenses, intellectual property, and vulnerabilities. It also outlined challenges in the software supply chain, particularly in ensuring consistency and quality in SBOM documents exchanged between parties. Participants were encouraged to share their challenges and solution ideas on a dedicated Github discussion page.  

Key topics discussed included:  
1. Definitions of SBOM-related terms.  
2. The need for high-quality SBOM documents.  
3. Challenges in identifying software packages and describing private source package information.  
4. A proposal to use Github discussions for collaborative problem-solving.  

### Presentation  
https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1FkG5VjMOkKBbWHu4sOTxGoJ0uFTOx4go/edit?usp=sharing&ouid=116114647877055468648&rtpof=true&sd=true  

### **Opinions of Participants and Reactions**:

1. **Anthony Harrison (Not Applicable)**:
   - **Opinion**:  
     - PURL (Package URL) is already exploring how to include private/proprietary software.  
     - Suggested that all software, whether proprietary or open source, should be treated the same in SBOMs.  
     - Legal contracts should handle sensitive information sharing, while SBOM documents should remain consistent.  
   - **Reactions**:  
     - No direct reactions noted in the transcript, but his input was acknowledged as valuable.  

2. **Jari Koivisto (OpenChain Project)**:  
   - **Opinion**:  
     - Package hash should come from the distributor to ensure consistency and traceability.  
   - **Reactions**:  
     - No direct reactions noted in the transcript.  

3. **Marcel Kurzmann (Bosch)**:  
   - **Opinion**:  
     - Agreed with the need for consistent document structures for proprietary and open source software.  
     - Emphasized distinguishing between public and proprietary information, particularly for vulnerabilities.  
     - Highlighted the importance of using consistent identifiers (e.g., PURL) throughout the supply chain to avoid mismatches.  
     - Suggested that proprietary software suppliers should align on identifiers to ensure traceability across the supply chain.  
   - **Reactions**:  
     - No direct reactions noted in the transcript.  

4. **Shane Coughlan (The Linux Foundation)**:  
   - **Opinion**:  
     - Stressed the importance of discussing practical supply chain needs.  
     - Suggested promoting the Github discussion page on social media to gather more contributions.  
   - **Reactions**:   
     - No direct reactions noted in the transcript.  

5. **Norio Kobota (Sony Group Corporation)**:  
   - **Opinion**:   
     - Proposed using Github discussions to list challenges and explore solutions collaboratively.  
     - Highlighted the need to define what values should be filled in each SBOM field, as formats like SPDX and CycloneDX define fields but not the specific values.  
   - **Reactions**:  
     - Participants generally supported this approach, with no objections raised.  

### **Conclusions**:  
- There was a consensus to focus on improving the quality of SBOM documents and addressing practical challenges in their implementation.  
- The Github discussion page was identified as the primary platform for sharing challenges and solution ideas.  
- Participants recognized the need for consistent identifiers (e.g., PURL) across the supply chain, including proprietary software.  
- The importance of balancing transparency with the protection of sensitive information was acknowledged.  

### **Results and TODOs**:  

#### **Results**:  
1. Agreement to use the Github discussion page to collaboratively address SBOM-related challenges.  
2. Recognition of the need for consistent identifiers and the importance of defining values for SBOM fields.  
3. Acknowledgment of the challenges in handling proprietary software in SBOMs.  

#### **TODOs**:  
1. **Participants**:  
   - Share challenges and solution ideas on the Github discussion page: [Github Link](https://github.com/OpenChain-Project/SBOM-sg/discussions/categories/sbom-document-challenges).  
   - Contribute to discussions on defining field values for SBOM documents.  
2. **Shane Coughlan**:  
   - Promote the Github discussion page on social media to encourage broader participation.  
3. **Anthony Harrison**:  
   - Follow up on PURL developments related to proprietary software and provide updates to the group.  
4. **Norio Kobota**:  
   - Summarize the meeting notes and share them on the Github repository.  
   - Add Sonyâ€™s challenges to the Github discussion page as examples.  
5. **All Participants**:  
   - Continue discussions on the use of PURL for proprietary software and its potential for consistent identification across the supply chain.  
