00:07:20	Shane Coughlan (The Linux Foundation):	https://events.linuxfoundation.org/open-compliance-summit/
00:09:23	Jari Koivisto (OpenChain Project):	Reacted to "https://events.linux..." with 👍
00:09:34	Jari Koivisto (OpenChain Project):	Replying to "https://events.linux..."

See you all there!
00:52:31	Balakrishna M:	Good question! Wonder how many suppliers are ready for this process.
00:52:43	Norio Kobota (Sony Group Corporation):	"Good question! Won..." に対して 👍 で対応しました
00:52:45	Jari Koivisto (OpenChain Project):	Reacted to "Good question! Wonde..." with 👍
01:00:34	Jari Koivisto (OpenChain Project):	Should we generate an education material about SBOMs for the suppliers?
01:02:04	Balakrishna M:	Reacted to "Should we generate a…" with 👌
01:03:57	Jari Koivisto (OpenChain Project):	We have the AI Study Group too...
01:06:14	Shane Coughlan (The Linux Foundation):	Replying to "We have the AI Study..."

Yup, and they meet next week. Details on our lists and social media. 🙂
01:06:25	Agustin Benito Bethencourt (toscalix):	bye
